Remove mentions of Holesky (#2000)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/tutorials/besu-teku-testnet.md

---
title: Run Besu and Teku on a testnet
sidebar_position: 2

> description: Run Besu and Teku on the Ephemery, Hoodi, or Sepolia testnets.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Run Besu and Teku on Ephemery, Hoodi, or Sepolia testnet.
```
